# Overview

Our client is Cabot Circus, a shopping centre which was opened in September 2008 and is located in Bristol. Hammerson, the asset managers of Cabot Circus, recently pledged to be a ‘Net Positive’ company by 2030. They aim to achieve this by creating retail destinations that deliver net positive impacts economically, socially and environmentally; through leading edge design, operational efficiency and a culture of respect and responsibility.
 
Currently the only way the customers of Cabot Circus are informed of the environmental work being done is through a paper display showcasing information such as the total amount of water used by its businesses. This is not ideal as by the time the new information is put up it may already be out of date, as well as the fact that the more frequently it is updated the more paper is wasted.

Our role is to develop software for a new customer facing monitor (such as a Smart TV) that can take data in real time to create easy to understand visual graphics showcasing the shopping centre’s environmental efforts. This both reduces unnecessary waste and also gives customers more relevant data in a more vibrant medium.

The data that we must display on the screen are as follows: 
- Electricity used compared to electricity generated by Cabot Circus’ solar panels
- Gas used compared to gas generated by food waste from the businesses within the centre
- Water used compared to water gathered from the rainwater harvester
- Recycling as a total percentage of waste (roughly 90%) as well as pictorially representing the total weight of the recycled waste
- Real time energy usage of the whole shopping centre
Each category will be compared to the previous month’s data, but we will provide an option to not display this if chosen. 

Initially this will be a standalone program, but if we find time we will find a way to feed the data into the cabot circus website and Plus App.

