# Overview

The client for this project is Cabot Circus, a shopping centre which was opened in September 2008 and is located in Bristol. Hammerson, the asset managers of Cabot Circus, recently pledged to be a ‘Net Positive’ company by 2030. They aim to achieve this by creating retail destinations that deliver net positive impacts economically, socially and environmentally; through leading edge design, operational efficiency and a culture of respect and responsibility.

Currently, the only way the customers of Cabot Circus are informed of the shopping centre’s sustainability measures is through a paper display, which showcases information such as the total amount of water used by Cabot Circus and its businesses. This is not ideal for many reasons: by the time the new information is put up, it may already be out of date; the more frequently the printed poster is updated, the more paper is wasted, which undermines the environmentally-friendly intentions of Hammerson; errors like spelling mistakes and incorrect statistics have occurred with the print forms of the posters, and are both expensive to replace, and damaging to the Cabot brand the longer they are visible to the public in an unfixed state.

The aim of this project is to develop software for a new, customer-facing screen which visualises Cabot Circus’s environmental data, representing the raw data it is fed as easy-to-understand graphics which highlight the shopping centre’s environmental efforts. The software will take the form of a web app which uses public libraries such as Google Charts to display the data, running on a local server to which the Cabot Circus staff can upload new versions of the spreadsheet with new data or comments.

This approach will address or solve all of the issues with the current system, as it reduces unnecessary waste, gives customers more relevant data in a vibrant, eye-catching medium, and allows for the staff at Cabot Circus to make instant edits through a spreadsheet file that is already a part of their workflow.

Each data category (waste recycled, water consumption, electricity usage, and gas usage) will be compared to the same month’s data from the previous two years (for example, the water usage of January 2019 will be displayed beside the water usage of January 2018 and January 2017), and this project should provide Cabot Circus’s sustainability staff with the option to add explanations or comments to the statistics shown (if, for example, it reflects negatively on their environmental efforts). There will also be visual aids to help the layman understand the scale and meaning of the scientific terms or units used.

Initially, the scope of this project is as a standalone web app solely for displaying and visualising the green credentials of Cabot Circus. However, from preliminary meetings with the client, possible extensions to the project have been identified. These include integration with the Cabot Circus website, integration with their Plus App, and a possible rollout for other Hammerson shopping centres nationwide.
