During the stages of development, when our project started to take a visual form, we began to get feedback on how it was presented from our client. On our twice-a-month meetings, we would take a laptop and present all the features of the most recent version of our project, even if they were still under development. Most of the time, we were meeting Beth alone, and she would then discuss internally with her team to provide a different look and comment on ideas. At the next meeting we were given valuable constructive feedback. This way of meeting regularly meant any details the client had in mind could easily be added or modified. The strong collaboration and consistent feedback helped us be more productive in the desired direction.

The developments made between a meeting and the one prior would be explained, because just the front screen is ambiguous when it comes to the back-end mechanics. Along with that, whenever we have an inquiries or confusions in between the meetings, we would make a list of them and further discuss with the client when we have the chance.

When we were nearly finished, the most important mechanics of the project were fully explained to Beth, as she would be one of the few people to have to use it in the future; and the presentation of the slides were sent as screenshots and shared throughout the Cabot Circus team, they have the most idea on what the company is striving for and the diversity of people would give us lots of different perspectives on how it can be improved upon.

All improvements we got from the feedback were added as tasks to OpenProject so we could have easy access to everything left to be done in one location. These tasks would be ticked off one by one and the resulting product would once again be presented, and the cycle continues.

In the final stages of the project, we began to incorporate unit testing in order to test the actual code behind the slideshow. This part of the evaluation is secondary to the visual observations of the client. This is because of the nature of what we have to do, as it is primarily focused around how it looks, and does not do anything too extraordinary to support it. Because of this, our testing can only do so much, we used it to test that the simple functions that relate to retrieving information from the spredsheets and information about the date when the program is run.
