Development Testing
===================================

Due to the passive nature of the "front-end" of our software being a TV display for the passers-by in Cabot Circus, most of our testing will focus on the back-end, where the Cabot staff enter data. To thoroughly test this, a unit-testing framework Maven will be used. For the test strategy of our software, we will individually test the components shown in the architecture diagram above. For example, the Water object class will have to be tested with unit tests to guarantee it can handle different data inputs, whether that be edge case values, garbage input, or other exceptional sources from the Excel data.
 
Past exception handling, the main source of errors will be human error in the Excel spreadsheet being input to our system. To this end, we can provide in our User Manual suitable guidelines for what the software expects and provide a downloadable template spreadsheet for the data entry staff. This will help avoid issues which may arise if their original spreadsheet is lost and can help increase the system's maintainability if a different staff member unfamiliar with the system is placed in charge sometime in the future. We can also implement type checks throughout our program so that if for instance someone inputs a character where we are expecting a numerical value, it will alert us before the data is displayed. In the case of falsely inputted data of the right type (say a 70% decrease instead of a 7% decrease) it will be harder for us to test. We may have to set soft limits for the values so that if the data exceeds said values, the person inputting the data will have to confirm its validity by entering a previously agreen on character (such as True) in a new excel column.
 
On the subject of future-proofing, there are other such issues where testability may become difficult as time passes. For instance, if Cabot Circus decides to abandon their solar panels, it may interfere with what the software expects. To this end, we may have to introduce mechanisms through which certain data categories can be disabled: in this example, that would be the removal of the solar-powered electricity generated by the shopping centre.
 
 TODO: FINISH THIS
 Ideas:
----------------------------------------------------
Talk about lack of front end
framework (maven?)
human error in spreadsheet (wrong type, exxagerated data etc)
    template for spreadsheet 
integration testing as we go, unit testing at end for example datasets
mostly testable
    "eye-catchiness" is hard to test
    hard to cover every eventuality as data categories might change
